Better integrate Docu on CAP integration (#17)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/related-projects/cap.mdx

- CAP and Cloud SDK can be used together to leverage benefits from both platforms
- CAP and Cloud SDK have many features in common as well as unique ones. Feel free to approach us to get a recommendation for your specific project.

### How to use the SAP Cloud SDK for Java with CAP

> Check out [how to get started](/docs/java/guides/cap-sdk-integration) using the SDK for Java in a CAP project.
> 
> We also created a [step by step tutorial](https://developers.sap.com/tutorials/cloudsdk-integrate-cap.html) to help you jump start use of the SAP Cloud SDK for Java with CAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out our quick guide about [getting started](/docs/java/guides/cap-sdk-integration) with the SDK for Java in a CAP project.

Another option is a [step-by-step tutorial](https://developers.sap.com/tutorials/cloudsdk-integrate-cap.html) to help you jump-start use of the SAP Cloud SDK for Java with CAP.
```
